This is about the router.
Yeah, right now in our, well,
at least maybe I messed up something but
if I go into like
the actual URL section and
do slash order I get
this route doesn't exist.
The only way to solve that really
is at the serve side of it right,
to update that it's not
>> So the problem is that,
if I try it's not shorter for
you is not working.
Why, the difference between your code and
my code is not the code,
it's the web server that you're using.
In fact, let me show you another.
I'm using the web server that is here
in VS Code, let me try another one.
I'm going to stop that web server and
let me show you another web server for
example npx serve.
This is a different server that has
a different default configuration,
now it's localhost 3000.
So if I try this,
let me open the same browser.
So if I try this here, I mean it
works the same, works pretty well.
But if I try, order and
refresh, I'm getting a 404.
That's because this web server is
set up differently by default.
So that's why when you are using
single page application or
you are changing the router, you have
to set up your server for forwarding.
The same happens if you're using React.
I mean, they're React development
server works fine, but
if you publish that the output folder
in an Apache you won't get that result,
you will get the same 404.
And for that you have to set
up your server that's how.
In terms of client side,
if you wanna provide your own custom 404,
it's just a default.
So if you don't have a page element,
defined by the router
is because it's a 404.
So what do you wanna do here?
Well, maybe you wanna do something similar
to this, or instead of append child.
By the way, cache is actually here,
so I'm not gonna use cache.
You can just do something like this,
inner HTML, oops, 404.
Or you can create your
own elements such that so
now this will work only with
broken client side links.
Let's try this,
from JavaScript for example,
from the console,
I will say, main, I'm sorry,
I will say app.router.go to
somewhere that doesn't exist.
So we get our own 404, client-size 404.
.And then you can create another component
that will render 404 or wherever you want.
Remember, that's like a fake URL.
So if I refresh, it will make a new
page navigation to the server and
that the server is the one returning 404.
Some development servers by default
they forward you to the indexation,
instead of giving you a 404.
And remember when I'm saying forwarding,
I'm not saying redirecting, now,
I'm not saying responding
with an HTTP 301 or 302.
It would get something better than 404,
but
you will go to the home,
you won't see the code.
If you wanna refresh and still seeing
the code, then you need the forward.
Forward means that the server will
just return the same index HTML on
every URL that is not an email or
just another file.
>> So how do you make the decision
about when to use vanillaJas and
when to use library is a list of questions
to help you decide which to use.
>> I think that the answer
to that it's similar to
how to measure the time that he
will take the whole project or
how to estimate the time or
even the price of a project.
You will know the answer with
your experience, I mean,
your experience will actually
growing up like if you are ChatGPT,
okay, you will learn the answer with time.
I'm not sure how we cease to
the final list of five questions
that based on those answers,
you will know which one is better.
So we can try to define questions that
will give you the right answer or
based on the answers you
will give the final results.
But at one point,
you will need to get experience, so
you will need to make a lot of
mistakes using the wrong framework to
understand why that was
the wrong decision.
And this is like on everything
that we have on IT or
even not on IT also,
I know Linux versus Mac
versus window, things like that.
Sometimes you need to try everything
to understand what's best and what not.
Because sometimes you get a lot of
recommendations from a lot of people.
If you wanna start coding these days and
you ask people how to do that,
you will receive a lot of
answers that they say, no,
you have to read the book now forget
about books you need to do online.
Now forget about online Worship or
Signature Boot Camp.
Now forget about Boot Camps and you don't
know you need to find what's good for
you probably not follow what other people
thinks because they are different.
So you will find people saying no,
you must use React.
Other people will say no, never React.
And you shouldn't base your decisions
on other people's decision.
So I think that it's good to maybe
do a worship on every framework.
Thanks Ben, one day, on Frontend Masters
doing one worship and everything we're and
then you can get the experience and
understand what's better.
And you will have better
experience to actually decide,
okay, now it's better and
of course, you will make mistakes.
And that's okay,
it happens to every company.
You will see lot of companies,
big companies say, no, we go full React.
Two years later,
we are replacing this will, I don't know,
whatever, and now we are replacing this,
and now we're doing Next.js.
And now we're replacing this and
we're doing Quick.
And now we are going back to HTML,
no JavaScript.
So it happens because at one point,
no matter what you're doing,
which tools are you using,
it will become a mess.
So no matter what.
So unless, or not unless, let's say at
least when you're doing Vanilla JS,
the good part is that you're making
a high performance solution.
So even if you made mistakes,
it's high performance, so
your users will get a be a benefit.
And at the end, performance is not
about us, it's about the user and
even forget about the user,
it's about the business.
Because if the user perceives
a better performance it has been
proved that you will get more money,
I mean,
your company will get more money wherever
your company is doing okay and yeah.
>> Just a couple of resources
to note to check out.
We have Lydia Haley's tour of
JavaScript pattern and React patterns.
Of course, that covers a number of
different patterns people can use.
And then also Mark Grabansky, CEO of
Frontend Masters, his GitHub repo has
a Very popular to do MVC app that
is built in vanilla JavaScript.
>> And
there is also a live version of that one.
>> Yeah,
obviously take a look at our JavaScript
learning
>> The whole JavaScript learning
path in that way.
You can spend a week a month,
how much time do you need?
Yeah, there's a lot of courses there.
>> There are a lot of courses there.
Everything is a new tool.